---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/journal/daily-notes/2023-07-31/","title":"2023-07-31","tags":["Daily,"],"noteIcon":"","created":"2023-07-31T01:43:44.881-05:00","updated":"2023-08-10T15:23:35.353-05:00"}
---


# 2023-07-31

## 📅 Nota Diaria: Mon-31

## My Priorities

### All the Stuff I want to learn/do/accomplish:

1. Learn a third tongue
2. Learn Python Correctly
	1. Add Sigi Courses to my Plazi, check if they are absolute beginner friendly
3. Learn basics of Blender and 3D
4. Get healthy and fit
	1. UPLOAD THE DAMN TIP IMAGE TO THE UNI MY GOD
	2. get in smartfit n set up a routine for that,
	3. also run or do some recreative sport in uni
5. Get healthy habits 
	1. How I want a perfect day to be? I gotta Wake up at 6
	2. clean myself up, gotta modify Bixbly so it tells me my today stuff at wake or try G-assistant
6. Get a job, multiple money incomes if I can 
7. invest onto something long term (3+ years)
8. Continue a drawing process
	1. Set up horarios n start draw a box n gesture in paper
9. Start creating YT content 
	1. Start by doing small tiktoks to taste the ground n create an image i’m happy with
	2. no need to polish, just upload for the Start
10. Journal here
	- [x] 🔼 Make Daily notes template ✅ 2023-07-31
	- [ ] 🔼 Make Weekly notes template 
	- [ ] 🔼 Setup Metadata Menus 
	- [ ] 🔼 Setup starting Dashboard, either Canvas or Note Dashboard 
11. Get a student change or sm to Canada if i’m able to
	1. Ask or search for those programs n convenios
	2. think of different ways to get access to em
12. Get back Reading 
	1. make my library here and do reports on what i read n my thoughts, start with what i have on phisics
13. Automate as much as I can my daily life
14. Make my phone a more suitable tool, not a content consumption device
15. Organize a calendar fully well made
16. Organize my media in obsidian (books, movies, videos)
17. Calendarize all my times and live by it
	- [ ] 🔼 Setup Calendar folders/categories, for that I need to know my Habits 
	- [ ] 🔼 Setup Google Calendar, From there import each individual calendar into FC
18. Cook my meals eventually
19. Learn public speaking and communication
First step to achieve everything is Set up what habits in a daily tracker here, and in a Full calendar owo

> [!hint] do
> check out
>  
<div class="transclusion internal-embed is-loaded"><div class="markdown-embed">





# My Flaws

Which are my flaws and hiw to overcome them

## Structure


</div></div>


- - - 

 << [[Sun-30-July-2023\|Dia anterior]] | [[Tue-01-August-2023\|Dia siguiente]] >>
